---
title: Movie Day
date: 2024-11-02 23:01:58
tags:
---
Today I went to the movies with Jenny. We saw *Leon*. It is a good movie. The lines, casting, scene and custom design are all top-notch. But I didn't cry. I don't remember if I cried the first time watching it. There's a great possiblity that i did. I don't know. There may be three reasons, I don't know which one holds the responsiblity. 
Maybe it's because it's my second time watching. The climax that Leo went down in flames with Stan lasted much longer under my impression, but today it felt rather short. 
Or maybe the story just isn't designed to make people cry. I had a hunch that the story could be an allegorical one than a realistic one. Leon was an extraordinarily skilled hitman but also a simple, unsophisticated, or even rustic person. He could walk out alive of an encirclement of police officers, but couldn't understand that Tony, the middleman, was giving him false promises about his money. He's a contradictory, theatrical character that could hardly exist in reality. That's why it's hard to relate and shed tears for his loss.
But people do cry. I heard people sobbing in the screening room. I wanted to cry but the tears just didn't come. Leon was dead; Matilda was dead. The two came alive at the same time, when Leon says there's a pig in the kitchen (great plotting! so natural a conversation while so captivating a story). Eventually he gives up his life in order to take away another man's, whom he could have had no complications with all his life had he not opened the door for the neighbor's girl. Whatsoever, he just did. After three desperate knocks, Leon opened the door for Matilda. And their fate was decided. The two lives tied together. It's a story of mutual redemption, but the sad part, is that they exchange their lives.
I also want to write about how I like the character Leon. But it's already 00:16. I'll write more tomorrow. 